Improve button demo - icons, predefinedTypes descriptions (#504)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Button/PredefinedTypes/description.md

> The **Button** supports several types that define its color. To specify the type, use the [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#type) property. This property accepts the following values:    

Reviewer: The main reason for the change is that use the word "type" too many times. 

```suggestion
The **Button** widget supports several predefined color schemes. To apply a scheme, set the [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#type) property to one of the following values:    
```

- *"normal"*    
- *"success"*
- *"default"*    
- *"danger"*    
- *"back"*    

> To further customize the UI component, use the [stylingMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#stylingMode) property. This property affects the fill and borders, and accepts the following values:    

Reviewer: I'm not sure about "UI Component". I'd probably just say "button" again.
